[IMP] accounting: updated multiple payments page (#2865)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/finance/accounting/payables/pay/multiple.rst

Pay several bills at once
=========================

> Odoo offers the possibility to group up multiple bills' payments into one, facilitating the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Odoo offers the possibility of grouping multiple bills' payments into one, facilitating the
```

reconciliation process.

.. seealso::
   - :doc:`../supplier_bills/manage`
   - :doc:`../../bank/reconciliation/use_cases`

Group payments
==============

To register the payment of multiple bills at once, go to :menuselection:`Vendors --> Bills`. Then,
select the bills you wish to register a payment for by **ticking** the boxes next to the bills. When

> done, either click :guilabel:`Register Payment` or :menuselection:`Action --> Register Payment`.

Reviewer: Mention that it is only possible with bills in status posted?

Author: Good suggestion

.. image:: multiple/group-payment-action.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Action menu and the possible options for bills.

> When registering the payments, a **pop-up window** appears. From here, you can either create

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When registering the payments, a **pop-up window** appears. From here, you can create
```

Author: the "either - or" construction is better semantically speaking.

> **separate payments** for each bills all at once by clicking :guilabel:`Create Payment`, *or* you

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**separate payments** for each bill all at once by clicking :guilabel:`Create Payment`, *or* you
```

> can create one payment combining **all** bills' payments. To **combine** all payments, tick the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
can create one payment by combining **all** bills' payments. To **combine** all payments, tick the
```

:guilabel:`Group Payments` box.

.. image:: multiple/multiple-group-payments.png
   :align: center

>    :alt: Group payments options when registering a payment.

Reviewer: I don't see the "group payment" option

Author: I checked and have 3 different windows on 3 different 14.0 runbots with the same flow, so I asked the POs to know which one is correct one :)

Author: > I checked and have 3 different windows on 3 different 14.0 runbots with the same flow, so I asked the POs to know which one is correct one :)

Checked with TSB, it's correct

Pay several bills at once
=========================

Odoo offers the possibility of grouping multiple bills' payments into one, facilitating the
reconciliation process.

.. seealso::
   - :doc:`../supplier_bills/manage`
   - :doc:`../../bank/reconciliation/use_cases`

Group payments
==============

> To register the payment of multiple bills at once, go to :menuselection:`Vendors --> Bills`. Then,

Author: I think accounting app makes it clear. Because there's the possibility to be in the Settings "app" so-to-say, that way it's clear it's from within the accounting app

select the bills you wish to register a payment for by **ticking** the boxes next to the bills. When
done, either click :guilabel:`Register Payment` or :menuselection:`Action --> Register Payment`.

> .. image:: multiple/group-payment-action.png

Author: True
